yeah all right I'm just gonna do a
target training video a lot of people
are asking kind of done it Herbies
learns what this little ball means sure
so basically I can move her anywhere I
need her
and she knows that when she touches or
bikes the ball so get it now you can put
this completely on the side and she's a
completely different a dude but when she
sees it
you can see her feeding response goes
crazy normally I'd do a clicker to tell
me we started with clicker training
every time we gave her food and then
move the clicker onto the ball every
time she touches the ball
she got the click and it's still not
perfect but I can pretty much either
anywhere I need
you can pretty much get all ready come
back
pick her up
as soon as this is out of the way she
can't see it weird if you him one of her
favorite treats for this video it's
chicken gizzards it's just one of her
favorites good girl no drop leg out
that's pretty much it like I said it's
pretty useful when you have larger
animals it works on monitor take use any
elbow
all right there you go guess